# Drug Repurposing Examples
Here we show how to do drug repurposing using pretrained knowledge graph embedding of DRKG.

## Drug Repurposing for Covid-19 via Disease
[COVID-19_drug_repurposing.ipynb](COVID-19_drug_repurposing.ipynb) shows how to do drug repurposing for Covid-19 by predicting links between the disease entities and the drug entitites in the DRKG. The target disease entities are listed in the notebook and the candidate drug entities are listed in [infer_drug.tsv](infer_drug.tsv). The drugs are all from Drugbank and we exclude drugs with molecule weight less than 250 daltons which results in 8104 candidates. Two edge types are chosen here: Hetionet::CtD::Compound:Disease' and 'GNBR::T::Compound:Disease, which represent the treatment relationship between a certain drug for a disease. To evaluate the repurposed drugs, we compare them with the clinical drugs as there is no treatment for Covid-19 right now. The list of clinical drugs are shown in [COVID19_clinical_trial_drugs.tsv](COVID19_clinical_trial_drugs.tsv) which is collected from http://www.covid19-trials.com/.

## Drug Repurposing for Covid-19 via Disease Related Host Genes
[COVID-19_drug_repurposing_via_genes.ipynb](COVID-19_drug_repurposing_via_genes.ipynb)  shows how to do drug repurposing for Covid-19 by predicting links between the disease related host gene entities and the drug entities in the DRKG. The target host gene entities are listed in [covid19-host-genes.tsv](covid19-host-genes.tsv) and [coronavirus-related-host-genes.tsv](coronavirus-related-host-genes.tsv). The drugs are all from Drugbank and we exclude drugs with molecule weight less than 250 daltons which results in 8104 candidates. The edge type used here is GNBR::N::Compound:Gene. One can also use DRUGBANK::target::Compound:Gene, DGIDB::INHIBITOR::Gene:Compound or combination of them. To evaluate the repurposed drugs, we also compare them with the clinical drugs.
